Update drill documentation: scale up the number of workers (#3801)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/scale-unicorn-workers.html.md

Once connected, run the command below to get a list of the Unicorn Workers running on the machine:

`ps -ax | grep unicorn | grep smartanswers`

You should then get an output similar to that below. In this example we can see that 4 unicorn workers are running on the machine.

```shell
18789 ?        S      0:00 unicorn master -D -P /var/run/smartanswers/app.pid -p 3010 -c /var/apps/smartanswers/config/unicorn.rb
18790 ?        S      0:12 unicorn worker[0] -D -P /var/run/smartanswers/app.pid -p 3010 -c /var/apps/smartanswers/config/unicorn.rb
18791 ?        S      0:11 unicorn worker[1] -D -P /var/run/smartanswers/app.pid -p 3010 -c /var/apps/smartanswers/config/unicorn.rb
18792 ?        S      0:12 unicorn worker[2] -D -P /var/run/smartanswers/app.pid -p 3010 -c /var/apps/smartanswers/config/unicorn.rb
18793 ?        S      0:13 unicorn worker[3] -D -P /var/run/smartanswers/app.pid -p 3010 -c /var/apps/smartanswers/config/unicorn.rb
```

### Increase the number of unicorn workers

- Create a branch of [govuk-puppet](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet)
- Increase the number of unicorn workers for your chosen application

>   - [Example PR](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet/pull/11194) - Please note, the example shown is for production. For the drill, the change will need to be made in `integration.yaml`

Reviewer: I'd remove the reference to the drill here - we've captured that in the `2nd-line-drills` document.

```suggestion
  - [Example PR](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet/pull/11194)
```

- [Deploy your branch to Integration](https://deploy.integration.publishing.service.gov.uk/job/Deploy_Puppet/)

> - Run `govuk_puppet --test` to pull in the changes

Reviewer: Maybe link to the doc on this?

```suggestion
- [Run govuk-puppet](/manual/alerts/puppet-last-run-errors.html#re-run-puppet) on the relevant machine, to pull in the changes
```

> - Run `ps -ax | grep unicorn | grep smartanswers`
> - Check the number of unicorn workers listed is as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the [steps from the previous section](#check-the-number-of-unicorn-workers-currently-running) to confirm the number of unicorn workers is now as expected
```
